README.md, before:

# [JavaFX Project]**MagicEncoding**(English)

[**中文说明**](README_ZH.md)

---

Website:

[[JavaFX Project]MagicEncoding_EN | ZZHow](https://www.zzhow.com/MagicEncodingEN)

Source Code:

https://github.com/ZZHow1024/MagicEncoding

Releases:

https://github.com/ZZHow1024/MagicEncoding/releases

---

## **Instructions for use**

- Determine the operating system you are using.
    - Linux:
        - Select .deb installation package/ .rpm installation package.
    - macOS:
        - Determine the chipset of your Mac (Apple Silicon / Intel).
        - Select .dmg disk image/ .pkg installation package.
    - Windows:
        - Select .zip package/.exe installation package/.msi installation package.
- Download the corresponding file.
- Linux and macOS users need to perform the installation operation before running. Windows users can directly run the .exe executable program in the .zip compressed package or select the .exe installation package and .msi installation package to perform the installation operation.
- Start MagicEncoding.
- You can select the language in the lower right corner of MagicEncoding's main interface.
    - Currently supports Chinese (Simplified / Traditional) and English.
- Drag the folder or file to obtain the path, enter the suffix name to be filtered (separate multiple suffix names with "&"), and click Find File.
- Select the original encoding and target encoding, and click "Start Conversion".

---

## Function Introduction

- MagicEncoding3.0.0
    - Automatic encoding recognition.
    - Single file conversion.
    - Support multiple languages.
        - Chinese (Simplified/Traditional)
        - English
- MagicEncoding2.0.0
    - Drag the folder to get the path.
    - Search for multiple suffixes.
    - Support overwriting original files.
- MagicEncoding1.0.0
    - Encoding conversion between "GBK" and "UTF-8”.
    - Find files by path.
    - Support filtering files based on file extensions.

---

## **Renderings**

![MagicEncoding3.0.0_EN](https://www.notion.so/image/https%3A%2F%2Fprod-files-secure.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com%2F4b165318-6383-451c-8845-110b786c9f0a%2Fa48f9fb0-5ca9-4b3e-aa65-5c0b9b8f53a4%2FMagicEncoding3.0.0_EN.png?table=block&id=e473a771-1ea7-42ab-9cc2-b124f8610072&t=e473a771-1ea7-42ab-9cc2-b124f8610072&width=1624&cache=v2)

MagicEncoding3.0.0_EN

![MagicEncoding2.0.0](https://www.notion.so/image/https%3A%2F%2Fprod-files-secure.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com%2F4b165318-6383-451c-8845-110b786c9f0a%2Fbf42de01-57d9-4f5d-bb7c-3490b0db7ee1%2FMagicEncoding2.0.0.png?table=block&id=7ce8da63-3633-47ff-848c-94492101089c&t=7ce8da63-3633-47ff-848c-94492101089c&width=1624&cache=v2)

MagicEncoding2.0.0

![MagicEncoding1.0.0](https://www.notion.so/image/https%3A%2F%2Fprod-files-secure.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com%2F4b165318-6383-451c-8845-110b786c9f0a%2Fa91b3a7d-672f-4ea2-b167-4657fef038dc%2FMagicEncoding1.0.0.png?table=block&id=ed5e4ef9-7816-4961-9740-d423c5681168&t=ed5e4ef9-7816-4961-9740-d423c5681168&width=1624&cache=v2)

MagicEncoding1.0.0

Commit message:

docs: Add license section to README

README.md, after:

# [JavaFX Project]**MagicEncoding**(English)

[**中文说明**](README_ZH.md)

---

Website:

[[JavaFX Project]MagicEncoding_EN | ZZHow](https://www.zzhow.com/MagicEncodingEN)

Source Code:

https://github.com/ZZHow1024/MagicEncoding

Releases:

https://github.com/ZZHow1024/MagicEncoding/releases

---

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## **Instructions for use**

- Determine the operating system you are using.
    - Linux:
        - Select .deb installation package/ .rpm installation package.
    - macOS:
        - Determine the chipset of your Mac (Apple Silicon / Intel).
        - Select .dmg disk image/ .pkg installation package.
    - Windows:
        - Select .zip package/.exe installation package/.msi installation package.
- Download the corresponding file.
- Linux and macOS users need to perform the installation operation before running. Windows users can directly run the .exe executable program in the .zip compressed package or select the .exe installation package and .msi installation package to perform the installation operation.
- Start MagicEncoding.
- You can select the language in the lower right corner of MagicEncoding's main interface.
    - Currently supports Chinese (Simplified / Traditional) and English.
- Drag the folder or file to obtain the path, enter the suffix name to be filtered (separate multiple suffix names with "&"), and click Find File.
- Select the original encoding and target encoding, and click "Start Conversion".

---

## Function Introduction

- MagicEncoding3.0.0
    - Automatic encoding recognition.
    - Single file conversion.
    - Support multiple languages.
        - Chinese (Simplified/Traditional)
        - English
- MagicEncoding2.0.0
    - Drag the folder to get the path.
    - Search for multiple suffixes.
    - Support overwriting original files.
- MagicEncoding1.0.0
    - Encoding conversion between "GBK" and "UTF-8”.
    - Find files by path.
    - Support filtering files based on file extensions.

---

## **Renderings**

![MagicEncoding3.0.0_EN](https://www.notion.so/image/https%3A%2F%2Fprod-files-secure.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com%2F4b165318-6383-451c-8845-110b786c9f0a%2Fa48f9fb0-5ca9-4b3e-aa65-5c0b9b8f53a4%2FMagicEncoding3.0.0_EN.png?table=block&id=e473a771-1ea7-42ab-9cc2-b124f8610072&t=e473a771-1ea7-42ab-9cc2-b124f8610072&width=1624&cache=v2)

MagicEncoding3.0.0_EN

![MagicEncoding2.0.0](https://www.notion.so/image/https%3A%2F%2Fprod-files-secure.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com%2F4b165318-6383-451c-8845-110b786c9f0a%2Fbf42de01-57d9-4f5d-bb7c-3490b0db7ee1%2FMagicEncoding2.0.0.png?table=block&id=7ce8da63-3633-47ff-848c-94492101089c&t=7ce8da63-3633-47ff-848c-94492101089c&width=1624&cache=v2)

MagicEncoding2.0.0

![MagicEncoding1.0.0](https://www.notion.so/image/https%3A%2F%2Fprod-files-secure.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com%2F4b165318-6383-451c-8845-110b786c9f0a%2Fa91b3a7d-672f-4ea2-b167-4657fef038dc%2FMagicEncoding1.0.0.png?table=block&id=ed5e4ef9-7816-4961-9740-d423c5681168&t=ed5e4ef9-7816-4961-9740-d423c5681168&width=1624&cache=v2)

MagicEncoding1.0.0
